# Laboratory 2 Homework ReadMe
**For the homework part I made the classes problem and the solution \
In the class Problem I made the algorithms needed for allocating clients to vehicles based on the times required to travel between the locations and the getVehicles method which returns an array of all vehicles from all the depots by iterrating through all the depots and adding each vehicle from the depots in a list. The assignClients() method starts by sortign the clients based on their visit start time to ensure that clients with earleir visit times are considered first, then it creats a hashmap to keep track of the current time for each vehicle, and it is set initially to 9:00 for all vehicles. The method then iterates all clients, and for each client it tries to find the quickest vehicle that can visit the client by iterating each depot which iterates all the vehicles. Then it calculates the travel time for the vehicle to reach the client. If the vehicle has no clients yet, trhe travel time from the depot to the client is considered, if the vehicle has clients, the travel time from the last client to the next client is considered. All this data is stored in two 2D arrays, depotToClientTimes, and clientToClientTimes. Then the method checks if the vehicle can reach the cleint within the client's available time window, if not it checks other vehicles. Then it calculates the quickest vehicle by comparing the travel times and assigns the client to the vehicle and updates vehicle's current time. And after all clients are assigned, it prints the tour for each vehicle by showing the depot where it starts and finishes, and the clients that it visits along the way.** \
